Add official cross-chain skill: CCTP V2, Axelar GMP/ITS, NEAR Intents (#67)
stellar/stellar-dev-skill: skills/cross-chain/SKILL.md

- Adding a "deposit from any chain" or cross-chain swap flow to a wallet or dapp

## Related skills

- Trustlines, SAC deployment, asset anatomy → `../assets/SKILL.md`
- Writing the Soroban contracts that send/receive messages → `../smart-contracts/SKILL.md`
- Frontend transaction building, Freighter signing, RPC submission → `../dapp/SKILL.md`
- Watching for the destination-side mint or contract events → `../data/SKILL.md`
- Paying AI agents (x402/MPP) rather than bridging → `../agentic-payments/SKILL.md`

## Pitfalls shared by every rail

These bite regardless of which rail you pick. Each companion file adds rail-specific ones.

1. **Address formats do not translate.** Stellar addresses are `strkey` strings (`G…` accounts, `C…` contracts, `M…` muxed); EVM uses 20-byte hex; Solana uses base58. Every rail defines its own encoding for foreign addresses (CCTP: raw 32-byte payloads; Axelar: strings + bytes payloads). Never paste an address from one chain into a field meant for another — encode it the way the rail specifies, and validate with the SDK (`StrKey.isValidEd25519PublicKey` / `isValidContract`) before encoding.

> 2. **Decimals differ.** Classic Stellar assets and their SACs use 7 decimals, but other Soroban token contracts (ITS-deployed tokens included) declare their own — call `decimals()` instead of assuming. USDC is 6 on EVM chains and Solana; EVM tokens are commonly 18; CCTP messages are always 6-decimal. Convert at every boundary and test with amounts that exercise the last digit (see the worked decimal examples in [cctp.md](cctp.md#usdc-precision-7-decimals-vs-6)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Decimals differ.** Classic Stellar assets and their SACs use 7 decimals, but other Soroban token contracts (ITS-deployed tokens included) declare their own — call `decimals()` instead of assuming. USDC is 6 on every supported chain except Stelllar (which uses 7 decimal places); EVM tokens are commonly 18; CCTP messages are always 6-decimal. Convert at every boundary and test with amounts that exercise the last digit (see the worked decimal examples in [cctp.md](cctp.md#usdc-precision-7-decimals-vs-6)).
```

Author: Applied — with the "Stelllar" typo ironed out :)
